# ARM-Embedded-System-Design-Project

The project is to create a media center on the MCB1700. The features of the media center include a photo gallery, which can display multiple images, an mp3 player, capable of streaming audio from the Windows environment on the PC, and a game the user can play. When the photo gallery option is selected, a preselected number of images can be viewed on the screen. When the media player screen is selected, another menu is shown which allows the user to view the media player menu. This menu allows the user to play music from the Windows splash screen and return to the main menu if they desire. The volume can be adjusted using the potentiometer available on the MCB1700 board. Lastly, the user can pick the snake game option which allows them to play the classic snake game designed for the LCD output (Game has features which can be configured through a separate menu). These features required the use of all concepts learned throughout the semester.

The first part of the project that was developed was the main menu screen. The user can scroll to the selected option by moving the joystick up or down and highlighting the desired selection in blue. The user can then press the joystick to select option that was highlighted in the menu. The Main Menu lists the following three options: Game, Media Player and Pictures. Each item can be selected to
perform various tasks.

If the Pictures menu is selected, then the Pictures Menu is shown. The screen allows the user to view 3 pre-set images stored in the flash memory of the MCB1700 board. All images are related images of various Toronto Raptors Logos used throughout their rich history. Image 1, 2 and 3 will be displayed on the bottom right corner of the screen. The user can scroll through any of the menu option and click on the numbers to reveal the images. If the user would like to exit to the main screen, then they can move the joystick left and view the main menu screen again.

If the media player screen is selected on the main menu, then the media player menu is shown on the main screen. When the “Press to Play” option is selected, music which is played on the computer can be heard on the MCB1700 sound speaker. If the user would like to exit to the main screen, then they can move the joystick left and view the main menu screen again. The user is able to come back to the media player menu at anytime and play music from the menu.

If the Game option is selected, the Menu proceeds to the theme screen, where the user can pick a theme for the game, he/she is about to play. Once a theme has been selected. The game proceeds to the loading page. This page has a graphic representing the name of the game. Once this screen has passed, the snake is shown, and the user can play the game. If the user hits the border or the tail of the snake, then the user loses. If this does occur, then the high score screen is to be shown. In this screen there are two types of messages that can be shown to the user. The first screen explains to the user if a new high score has been set. This is done by outputting the users current score along with a friendly message. The second screen is the scenario where the user has not beat the high score currently stored in the systems flash memory. If this happens, then the current score and high score are outputted separately. After this screen, a delay is shown for a brief period of time so the user can successfully read all the messages shown. Once the delay is completed, the user is taken back to the main menu screen where they can play the game again or perform other functions on the media player. 
